[Music]
this video is made possible by the
following cuties you can check out the
gear they provide to me in the
description below
you know I'm fairly sure that Neil's is
trying to destroy my brain hey guys
Jimmy here and welcome back to a nother
video
now the reception to my recent videos
where I Drive the caterpillar truck and
the 6666 brake horsepower f1 car I run
an old cypher I've been really good you
guys have really enjoyed them
unfortunately for me that has fueled
news's insanity now we don't know Niels
is a person who made those rather wacky
cars I guess cars is but for strong
words right and for some reason I can't
quite fathom yet he thought that the
near seven thousand horsepower f1 car
wasn't quite quick enough so let's take
a quick peek at what he's come up with
today that's right a Kart but not just
any car again take a little look there
to the left of the staff of this thing
and what this thing actually is it is a
v10 power to the v10 engine from I
assume the f1 car powered kart with over
a thousand horsepower weighing just 200
kilograms which is 5,000 horsepower per
ton by my terrible maths and going from
description this has very special glue
year tires arrows so efficient you can't
even see it and a DRS function that
creates a local black hole allowing
speeds of up to 900 kilometres an hour
just to give you some context I think we
hit 500 K's in the f1 car and that was
terrifying
this goes nearly double the speed in
fact the Kart is so fast I've had to
employ the help of my very very special
speedy slippers good for one use only so
here we are in our v10 powered go-cart
if you're wondering tip me how do I know
it's v10
that's how you know funny story I had to
turn off the mechanical failures for
this session because here's what
happened while I tried with mechanical
failures on basically a blip of the
throttle and the engine exploded which
is great so the Red Bull x20 10 broke my
brain where I did the sub form on your
lap I have no idea how it's gonna be
so I'm putting on my virginity
protecting gloves because this thing
will take my virginity if I don't wear
them so I've popped our speedometer on
to give us an idea of just how fast
we're going already were seeing just how
aggressive this thing isn't going the
wrong way aren't I anyway so we'll go up
to the the gates now we have DRS
flashing which means we can use it at
any point which is basically this hyper
speed when we leave that off for now and
just go for a non DRS practice run so
full front let's go
[Music]
and oh my god it grips it gives big time
has it stopped though Oh My Jesus
oh my god nails what have you done
what is this creation you've unleashed
upon the world
and you can already see Oh
my brain is already barely keeping up
live it touch the DRS yet
I don't think oh let me know breathe
them we are starting to see just how
this thing could the laughs inaud cyber
in Nils has said less than three minutes
so knocking 58 seconds off the time the
Red Bull x2 n t10 did around here and
that was already amantha
now should we try the DRS button down
the hill here so DRS is now open oh god
it just keeps going Kagan
[Music]
you know when I am when I knew we were
gonna be locked down for a while and the
RCM was the gap and I was thinking to
myself you know I'm gonna make sure to
practice an old slide for a lot and and
and get up to speed and really
understand
well the tracks about before I go into
you know real-life racing this isn't
really what I meant though oh my word my
brain is already aching and I'm just on
a very very slow out lap right now again
damaged it is on so I'm not really sure
if I'm gonna be able to survive an
entire lap by going around of my own but
well we've got a file section coming up
let's see what sort of top speed being
Galvis think going up towards the old
bravery corner shall we alright so DRS
open match the pro
I'm not even looking at the speedo Oh
God tell if it's speed then so I'm only
doing 400 K is 500 K is here 600 660 KS
into the wall my man's just taken like
an absolute [__] champ so what I'm
gonna do this time is just go as fast as
I can straightaway and try and get my
brain in gear I'm not gonna use the RS
so I gotta get used to how fast this
thing is just at the base level before
we start opening the portal to another
dimension oh my god this thing but it's
goo year tires is insane it doesn't like
pop so as you can probably imagine you
have to steer before you get to the
corner because by the time you steer
you're in the cooler
this is absolutely ludicrous okay let's
open TRS now Oh God
[Music]
this is not spit out by the way this is
real-time footage of me losing my back
in mine poster will our foster off bow
front will sweep away meat let's give
her another go
Yeah right so I put stray away
okay I want to go turn damage off I
think
there is doesn't that was happened
luckily he was well protected in that
crash
I'm just right now trying to get a feel
for the brace cuz they're pretty good
not that good though well I can't feel
for how good they are I get off first
bucks tops are evil
Dara's open
Eve over no you can't keep open there
tell you what the bit rate for this
video damn it
and need that I was gonna say the bit
rate this video is going to be just
abysmal absolutely abysmal do my best
but you who does not like fast moving
objects it will hate this
[Music]
oh my words has taken everything I have
in my brain to even keep this thing
going sort of the right way
I say sort of because only I'm even hit
an apex yet whoa whoa whoa and off we go
to the moon oh I think that
realistically if I'm gonna do a lap
around here I'm gonna need to turn off
damage my reactions are just not quick
enough especially using the DRS as well
otherwise known as the portal to another
dimension so I'm gonna turn off damage
and hope that we can get through this
though with that in mind I can now
actually go out and really just push and
not be afraid of hitting things so let's
give that a go shall we and you sort of
straight up over that DRS we'll be brave
of it
that the corners opposed it
oh I spun Niels I thought you said this
had good tires I'm trying to normalize
this driving as much as I can because
that's the only way I'm gonna be able to
get around the map if I spent my entire
lap with my brain just on fire then I'm
probably not gonna be able to get round
there right now I'm just cruising it's
casually cruising without DRS so when I
get to my hot lap I'm gonna do my best
to try it turn it will up and go for a
fast lap god help me
[Music]
I don't even know right when where am i
what do I do the carousel
do I go through it
I guess that one makes sense I guess
we'll just go round you can toggle you
can't go in but okay so you have to go
around because the Lord's will just
destroy you
when do I turn the timing for the
turning is so precise imagine an f1 car
and that level precision and then just
like times it by like two or three and
you have ways like to drive this thing
and the curbs around here of course they
don't like you they're like a neat big
especially account amp to break later
than I would in like a gt3 car so when I
actually break and turn on I hit the
apex and not the curb before the apex
it's this insanity this miss relatively
easy in comparison just reacting through
there nothing more you can do
okay right and so here it comes here
comes the big chunk us we're gonna
unleash the DRS to see what we do on
this straight
there we go onto our flying lap glittery
flag how it's just continuing it's just
continuing Oh already already in the
wall and then go to another well we use
this one as a practice so we're trying
it rounds because we kinda gotta get
benchmark time put on the board see
where we end up there is absolutely no
chance for me to compensate this zero
chance brains are a billion percent
capacity I can fill the
the concentration sweat starting yeah
there we go if we go into another realm
so just give you some context if we
hadn't and crasher we would have been in
the carousel by two minutes that's
two-thirds of the course done in two
minutes so we're already looking to get
underneath that free minute barrier I
think if I have a clean nap even this
that is probably this one now I'm still
cruising around is probably going to
still beat the X 2010 if I can get one
together and not murder myself on the
way around this is going to be an
absolutely ludicrous lap time I'll see
what my brain can manage but as you can
probably imagine there will probably be
no commentary because this right now is
about as fast as I can go while keeping
my brain working this is already this is
an X 2010 speed right here I can just
about keep you going here this tick has
a lot more an attack though so let's see
how we do so yeah that lap right crash
is faster than the X 2010 by about 20
seconds
[Music]
dammit dammit we're off in the same
place again I used to slow myself down
for the bravery Corps and I keep this
tack in the wall on the outside Gail
halls over
[Music]
all right let's go again
another ten seconds faster than my last
lap you move a crash oh we've gone to
space so so far the best time is free
minutes and 23 seconds with big crashes
and what that basically means it's a sub
3-minute lap is there for me to take
quite easily if I can just get round
without crashing which is easy to set
the tongue
[Music]
no oh so close and open DRS man
science science science - fine
that's not fine
is it fine I know I'm so going it's not
finance my brain it's knowing okay
glasses are coming off now gets way or
thank you nil so give me a workout
routine in these trying times I
appreciate you
god damn it this is so difficult
my brain just can't keep up with this
[Music]
talk damn it again
let's see the bestop I'm gonna do I bake
two-fifty come on to 51 to 53 for a sub
three-minute lap around the Nordschleife
ER I know you can go faster because
Neil's has gone faster than that I'll
link is that below because it just blows
mine out the water but 253 around the
Nordschleife it in a billion the
horsepower car you can see what's
happened to me not only is there a black
hole opening up in-game there's one
opening up inside my [__] armpit
right now glorious mal amber you can
just see how much effort it is to
concentrate like that but yes thank you
again there was a completely breaking my
brain really appreciating my top two if
you guys enjoyed the video then make
sure to hit that like button and
subscribe as well for more crazy stuff
like this the more you guys watch these
videos the more Neil seems to be
encouraged to make the next big scary
thing again his lap is below go and show
him some love as always a big thank you
to my patrons and sponsors I'm gonna go
have my customary victory wank take care
have the awesome day see you next time
[Music]